Add meta description to some pages (#4534)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/sca.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Learn more about the configuration of the Security Configuration Assessment module. Check out the options and a simple configuration in this section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Learn more about the configuration of the Security Configuration Assessment module in the Wazuh documentation. Check out the options and a sample configuration. 
```

>   :description: Learn more about the configuration of the Security Configuration Assessment module in the Wazuh documentation. Check out the options and a sample configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Learn more about the configuration of the Security Configuration Assessment module. Check out the options and a sample configuration in this section.
```
